# Information for contributors

## How to load dependencies?

1. If you are a [Nix] user, enter nix-shell with `nix-shell`
   - That adds the NPM package manager to your shell environment
2. Install NPM package dependencies with `npm install` inside that shell

## How to contribute?

1. Fix a bug or add a feature to the TypeScript code under [src](src)
2. Remember to add unit tests
3. Run unit tests with `npm test` and make sure all tests pass
4. Reformat the code with `npm run prettier`
5. Run the linter with `npm run lint` and fix any warnings
6. Recompile the TypeScript code with `npm run build`
7. Rebuild the bundle for [examples](examples) `npm run build-examples-bundle`
8. Create a Pull Request on the repository
9. One of the maintainers will review the code and publish the changes to NPM

## About the repository

This repository is a fork of the great [json-diff]
package published by [Andrey Tarantsov](https://github.com/andreyvit). Almost
everything under `src/JsonDiff/Internal` is inherited from that original package.

I simply modified the `colorize` module to render the result of `diff` as JSX
element instead of text intended for the consumption of a terminal.

All of the code inherited from `json-diff` was written in JavaScript. I converted that code to
TypeScript whenever it was convenient but some JS code remains mixed in with TS under
`src/JsonDiff/Internal`. I would still prefer if all new code in this project was written in
TypeScript.

Note that all code under `lib` is code that is generated by the TypeScript compiler.
You shouldn't touch that code.

[Nix]: https://nixos.org
[json-diff]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/json-diff
